Now that we have a better idea of what we're trying to build.
Let's take a look at a couple of diagrams and get a better understanding of the architecture of our
project and the general approach as well OK.
So here's the overall architecture we're going for you and I are going to be building out this blue
box right here.
And the yellow one right there.
So we are going to be making a no Jesus web server.
This is going to be a running program that we're going to initially host on our local computers.
We're going to be able to access this server from a browser anytime that we try to visit our server
inside the browser.
We're going to making a network request to it.
So we're going to configure the server right here to receive network requests.
We're going to inspect the request and kind of decide on what resource the user is looking for.
We're then going to generate some HCM L and send that e-mail back over to the user's browser.
The key thing to understand here is that we are no longer going to be working with static each G.M.
documents as we have throughout this course.
So throughout this course we have been creating static HMO files that sit inside of some project directory
and then we essentially directly access those different HMO files.
That's not what we're doing here.
Instead our server is going to be responsible for taking different snippets or kind of portions of each
CML and then we're going to assemble them altogether every single time a user makes a request.
So that is what is going to allow us to show a different cart for each user or update our list of items
to display to a user or anything else pretty much inside of our application.
It is the fact that we are going to dynamically generate H2 mail on our server that's going to make
our application dynamic and changing.
We're also going to have to store some amount of information related to our app as well.
So for example we need to store all the different items that we should be selling.
We need to somehow store all the different items that are in a user's cart.
We also need to store the different users who have signed up to our application as an administrator.
Normally we would use some off the shelf or open source database for that but instead you and I just
to learn a little bit more about JavaScript in general.
We're going to be creating our own custom file based data store to store all the information that we
intend to save inside of our app this process.
We're going to go through not really commonly done inside of a typical professional project but again
this is of course about JavaScript.
So we're going to be building that just to get a better idea of how to work with JavaScript in general
okay.
So kind of a high level overview of the architecture here.
Not really going too much into any specifics.
That's OK.
What I really want to focus on right now is how we're going to do our initial project setup.
So these are the steps we're going to go through.
These are some steps you're probably going to go through or the startup of many different projects you
create inside your javascript career so as usual we're going to create a new project directory then
inside there we're going to generate a package not just on file.
Remember that package not just on file is used as kind of like configuration for our project we're then
going to install one or two dependencies that are going to help us very quickly write our projects.
When I use the term very quickly I don't mean very quickly.
I mean relatively quickly we're still going to spend a long time working on this project then also inside
of our package not just on file.
We're going to also create something called a Start script.
There's essentially going to use to run our project all right.
So now that we've got a little bit better understanding of our architecture and how we're going to do
some initial setup we'll take a quick pause right here and then start going through the setup in just
a moment.